DEPLOYMENT_STATUS.md, before:

# Deployment Status Check

## ✅ **Configuration Status**

### **GitHub Actions Workflows** (Updated - Fixed Cloud Run Job Commands)
- ✅ **Main Workflow**: `.github/workflows/deploy-all-services.yml` - Deploys both services conditionally
- ✅ **Split PDF Workflow**: `.github/workflows/deploy-split-pdf.yml` - Individual service deployment  
- ✅ **Book Extractor Workflow**: `.github/workflows/deploy-book-extractor.yml` - Individual service deployment

### **Recent Fixes Applied**
- ✅ **Fixed `gcloud run jobs replace` error** - Now uses `gcloud run jobs update` for existing jobs
- ✅ **Fixed `--task-count` parameter error** - Changed to `--tasks` parameter
- ✅ **Improved job deployment logic** - Check if job exists before creating/updating
- ✅ **Fixed Cloud Run Jobs workflow API** - Updated to v2 API format (googleapis.run.v2.projects.locations.jobs.run)
- ✅ **Simplified PDF processing workflow** - Now uses single 'process' command for analyze + split
- ✅ **Updated all workflow files** - Corrected API endpoints for reliable execution
- ✅ **Fixed workflow syntax errors** - Changed to single input parameter (Google Cloud Workflows requirement)

### **GCP Services**
- ✅ **Service Account**: `pdf-processor-sa@book-qc-cf.iam.gserviceaccount.com` - Active
- ✅ **Split PDF Service**: `pdf-processor` - Already deployed and running
- ❌ **Book Extractor Service**: `book-extractor` - Not yet deployed
- ✅ **PDF Processing Workflow**: `pdf-processing-workflow` - Active

### **Project Structure**
- ✅ **Split PDF Service**: `split_pdf_service/` - Complete with all files
- ✅ **Book Extractor Service**: `book_extractor_service/` - Complete with all files
- ✅ **Shared Utils**: `utils/` - Available for both services
- ✅ **Configuration**: `config.yaml` - Global configuration

## 🚀 **Ready for Deployment**

### **What Will Happen on Push:**
1. **GitHub Actions** will detect changes
2. **Split PDF Service** will be updated (if changed)
3. **Book Extractor Service** will be deployed for the first time
4. **Workflow URLs** will be automatically updated
5. **GCP Workflows** will be deployed/updated

### **Expected Results:**
- ✅ Split PDF Service: `https://pdf-processor-xxx.run.app`
- ✅ Book Extractor Service: `https://book-extractor-xxx.run.app`
- ✅ PDF Processing Workflow: `pdf-processing-workflow`
- ✅ Book Extraction Workflow: `book-extraction-workflow`

## 📋 **Pre-Deployment Checklist**

- ✅ All service files are properly organized
- ✅ GitHub Actions workflows are configured
- ✅ GCP service account has proper permissions
- ✅ Docker configurations are correct
- ✅ Workflow YAML files are valid
- ✅ Test suites pass successfully

## 🎯 **Next Steps**

1. **Push to GitHub** to trigger deployment
2. **Monitor GitHub Actions** for build status
3. **Verify Cloud Run services** are running
4. **Test the deployed services** using their endpoints
5. **Check GCP Workflows** are properly deployed

## 🔧 **Manual Verification Commands**

```bash
# Check Cloud Run services
gcloud run services list --region=us-central1

# Check workflows
gcloud workflows list --location=us-central1

# Test service health
curl https://pdf-processor-xxx.run.app/health
curl https://book-extractor-xxx.run.app/health
```

**Status: READY FOR DEPLOYMENT** 🚀

Commit message:

Add complete book folder processing pipeline
- Add process_book_folder_complete() function for processing entire book folders
- Process question_papers/ -> extracted_questions/ with organized output
- Process answer_keys/ -> extracted_answers/ with organized output
- Add helper functions for custom output path handling
- Add 'process-book-folder' CLI operation
- Update workflow to support folder processing with operation_type routing
- Automatically create extracted_questions and extracted_answers folders
- Maintain organized file naming: filename_questions.json, filename_answers.json

DEPLOYMENT_STATUS.md, after:

# Deployment Status Check

## ✅ **Configuration Status**

### **GitHub Actions Workflows** (Updated - Fixed Cloud Run Job Commands)
- ✅ **Main Workflow**: `.github/workflows/deploy-all-services.yml` - Deploys both services conditionally
- ✅ **Split PDF Workflow**: `.github/workflows/deploy-split-pdf.yml` - Individual service deployment  
- ✅ **Book Extractor Workflow**: `.github/workflows/deploy-book-extractor.yml` - Individual service deployment

### **Recent Fixes Applied**
- ✅ **Fixed `gcloud run jobs replace` error** - Now uses `gcloud run jobs update` for existing jobs
- ✅ **Fixed `--task-count` parameter error** - Changed to `--tasks` parameter
- ✅ **Improved job deployment logic** - Check if job exists before creating/updating
- ✅ **Fixed Cloud Run Jobs workflow API** - Updated to v2 API format (googleapis.run.v2.projects.locations.jobs.run)
- ✅ **Simplified PDF processing workflow** - Now uses single 'process' command for analyze + split
- ✅ **Updated all workflow files** - Corrected API endpoints for reliable execution
- ✅ **Fixed workflow syntax errors** - Changed to single input parameter (Google Cloud Workflows requirement)
- ✅ **Fixed Cloud Run Jobs API format** - Switched to HTTP connector with correct args array format

### **GCP Services**
- ✅ **Service Account**: `pdf-processor-sa@book-qc-cf.iam.gserviceaccount.com` - Active
- ✅ **Split PDF Service**: `pdf-processor` - Already deployed and running
- ❌ **Book Extractor Service**: `book-extractor` - Not yet deployed
- ✅ **PDF Processing Workflow**: `pdf-processing-workflow` - Active

### **Project Structure**
- ✅ **Split PDF Service**: `split_pdf_service/` - Complete with all files
- ✅ **Book Extractor Service**: `book_extractor_service/` - Complete with all files
- ✅ **Shared Utils**: `utils/` - Available for both services
- ✅ **Configuration**: `config.yaml` - Global configuration

## 🚀 **Ready for Deployment**

### **What Will Happen on Push:**
1. **GitHub Actions** will detect changes
2. **Split PDF Service** will be updated (if changed)
3. **Book Extractor Service** will be deployed for the first time
4. **Workflow URLs** will be automatically updated
5. **GCP Workflows** will be deployed/updated

### **Expected Results:**
- ✅ Split PDF Service: `https://pdf-processor-xxx.run.app`
- ✅ Book Extractor Service: `https://book-extractor-xxx.run.app`
- ✅ PDF Processing Workflow: `pdf-processing-workflow`
- ✅ Book Extraction Workflow: `book-extraction-workflow`

## 📋 **Pre-Deployment Checklist**

- ✅ All service files are properly organized
- ✅ GitHub Actions workflows are configured
- ✅ GCP service account has proper permissions
- ✅ Docker configurations are correct
- ✅ Workflow YAML files are valid
- ✅ Test suites pass successfully

## 🎯 **Next Steps**

1. **Push to GitHub** to trigger deployment
2. **Monitor GitHub Actions** for build status
3. **Verify Cloud Run services** are running
4. **Test the deployed services** using their endpoints
5. **Check GCP Workflows** are properly deployed

## 🔧 **Manual Verification Commands**

```bash
# Check Cloud Run services
gcloud run services list --region=us-central1

# Check workflows
gcloud workflows list --location=us-central1

# Test service health
curl https://pdf-processor-xxx.run.app/health
curl https://book-extractor-xxx.run.app/health
```

**Status: READY FOR DEPLOYMENT** 🚀
